Allow session cookies with environment variable (#4169)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/configuration/optional-settings.md

---

### SESSION_EXPIRE_AT_BROWSER_CLOSE

Default: `False`

Environment Variable: `NAUTOBOT_SESSION_EXPIRE_AT_BROWSER_CLOSE`

> Set to True to use session cookies instead of persistent cookies.
> Session cookies will expire when a browser is closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is set to True, Nautobot will use browser-length cookies - cookies that expire as soon as the user closes their browser.

By default, `SESSION_EXPIRE_AT_BROWSER_CLOSE` is set to False, which means session cookies will be stored in users’ browsers for as long as [`SESSION_COOKIE_AGE`](#session_cookie_age).
```

> Please see the [official Django documentation on `SESSION_EXPIRE_AT_BROWSER_CLOSE`](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/ref/settings/#session-expire-at-browser-close) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please see the [official Django documentation on `SESSION_EXPIRE_AT_BROWSER_CLOSE`](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/stable/ref/settings/#session-expire-at-browser-close) for more information.
```

The age of session cookies, in seconds.

> Please see the [official Django documentation on `SESSION_COOKIE_AGE`](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/ref/settings/#session-cookie-age) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please see the [official Django documentation on `SESSION_COOKIE_AGE`](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/stable/ref/settings/#session-cookie-age) for more information.
```
